🔨 (notebook) add example of Metabase API (#134)
MTES-MCT/qualicharge: src/notebook/example.md

paris = pd.read_sql_query(query, engine)
paris
```

## Metabase API

> A large list of API endpoints are available ([doc](https://www.metabase.com/learn/administration/metabase-api)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A large list of API endpoints is available in the [documentation](https://www.metabase.com/learn/administration/metabase-api).
```

See examples below.

```python
import requests
import pandas as pd

# admin metabase
API_KEY = 'mb_dQBXZ4oMgf0bRsHY0zqlg6SSZuzoCqhitxX35KQI3hc='

> API_ADMIN_KEY = 'mb_eC8U3KEYG2SOD37Mw69NT9vbwnh78b5G/IcePXqKvoU=' 

Reviewer: Those should be environment variables defined in the `env.d/notebook` file (see the `DATABASE_URL` example above).

Author: I add the variables in `env.d/notebook` but `os.getenv("API_ADMIN_KEY")` return None (i read that : ".env files are used to set the environment variable that are inserted in the generated docker images").

Reviewer: Can you add your changes to this PR?

Maybe you forgot to restart the notebook container so that it refreshes environment variables as they are injected at startup.

Author: You are right, after `make run-notebook`, ADMIN_KEY is available.

-> I will add changes to the PR

Author: Changes are pushed (but there are five intermediate commits without inappropriate comment). 
Do you think i have to change the commit message (or squash) with `git rebase -i HEAD~6` ?

Author: Or we make a 'squash and merge' at the end of the PR ?

> # docker container
> LOCALHOST = 'c026403cc1d7' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Metabase server
METABASE_HOST = "metabase"
METABASE_PORT = 3000
```

Reviewer: And even better: those two variables should defined from the environment.

# doc API : http://localhost:3000/api/docs
headers = {'x-api-key': API_ADMIN_KEY}

> headers_all = {'x-api-key': API_KEY}

Reviewer: Appears unused.

```suggestion

```

> response = requests.get('http://c026403cc1d7:3000/api/permissions/group', headers=headers).json()
> response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
response = requests.get(f"http://{METABASE_HOST}:{METABASE_PORT}/api/permissions/group", headers=headers)
response.json()
```

```

Example : Search of Questions(card)

```python

> response = requests.get('http://c026403cc1d7:3000/api/card', headers=headers).json()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
response = requests.get(f"http://{METABASE_HOST}:{METABASE_PORT}/api/card", headers=headers)
cards = response.json()
```

# list of cards
my_card = [card for card in response if card['description'] and card['description'][:4] == 'test']

> {card['id']: card['description'] for card in my_card}

Reviewer: Not sure this is relevant here.

Author: Yes, it's not a good example, i will try another.
